BookA-Pset_GeoObsMappedUnit (#587)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/r/RMR_0P4g7RHODAnPtwhbwtKXgn/Documentation.md

> The rock mass rating (RMR) is a geomechanical classification system for rocks, developed by Z. T. Bieniawski.

Author: ```suggestion
The rock mass rating (RMR) is a geomechanical classification system for rocks.
>NOTE Definition from ASTM (1988). Standard Guide for using the Rock Mass Rating (RMR) System (Geomechanics Classification) in Engineering Practices. American Society for Testing and Materials, Book of Standards D5878-08, v.04.09, Philadelphia, PA.
```
